
Genesis 1:1 | In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
Exodus 20:12 | Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long in the land that the Lord your God is giving you.
Psalm 119:105 | Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Proverbs 3:5-6 | Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths.
Isaiah 40:31 | But they who wait for the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings like eagles; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint.
Jeremiah 29:11 | For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.
Matthew 5:16 | In the same way, let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven.
Mark 12:30 | And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.
Luke 6:31 | And as you wish that others would do to you, do so to them.
John 14:6 | Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Acts 16:31 | And they said, "Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household."
Romans 8:28 | And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
1 Corinthians 16:14 | Let all that you do be done in love.
Philippians 4:13 | I can do all things through him who strengthens me.
Colossians 3:23 | Whatever you do, work heartily, as for the Lord and not for men.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 | Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.
Hebrews 13:8 | Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
James 1:5 | If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask God, who gives generously to all without reproach, and it will be given him.
1 Peter 5:7 | Casting all your anxieties on him, because he cares for you.
Revelation 22:13 | I am the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
1 Thessalonians 4:16-17 | For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a cry of command, with the voice of an archangel, and with the sound of the trumpet of God. And the dead in Christ will rise first. Then we who are alive, who are left, will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we will always be with the Lord.
2 Thessalonians 3:3 | But the Lord is faithful. He will establish you and guard you against the evil one.
1 Timothy 6:12 | Fight the good fight of the faith. Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called and about which you made the good confession in the presence of many witnesses.
2 Timothy 3:16-17 | All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, equipped for every good work.
Titus 3:5 | He saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy, by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit.
Philemon 1:4-7 | I thank my God always when I remember you in my prayers, because I hear of your love and of the faith that you have toward the Lord Jesus and for all the saints, and I pray that the sharing of your faith may become effective for the full knowledge of every good thing that is in us for the sake of Christ.
Hebrews 11:1 | Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.
James 2:17 | So also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
1 Peter 2:24 | He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By his wounds you have been healed.
2 Peter 3:9 | The Lord is not slow to fulfill his promise as some count slowness, but is patient toward you, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance.
3 John 1:2 | Beloved, I pray that all may go well with you and that you may be in good health, as it goes well with your soul.
Hebrews 4:12 | For the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing to the division of soul and of spirit, of joints and of marrow, and discerning the thoughts and intentions of the heart.
James 4:7 | Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
1 Peter 3:15 | But in your hearts honor Christ the Lord as holy, always being prepared to make a defense to anyone who asks you for a reason for the hope that is in you; yet do it with gentleness and respect.
2 Peter 1:3 | His divine power has granted to us all things that pertain to life and godliness, through the knowledge of him who called us to his own glory and excellence.
1 John 4:7 | Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God, and whoever loves has been born of God and knows God.
2 John 1:6 | And this is love, that we walk according to his commandments; this is the commandment, just as you have heard from the beginning, so that you should walk in it.
3 John 1:11 | Beloved, do not imitate evil but imitate good. Whoever does good is from God; whoever does evil has not seen God.
Jude 1:24-25 | Now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling and to present you blameless before the presence of his glory with great joy, to the only God, our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, be glory, majesty, dominion, and authority, before all time and now and forever. Amen.
Revelation 21:4 | He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away.
